capital = 1017

set_research_slots = 2

set_rule = { can_join_factions = no }
set_rule = { can_create_factions = no }

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = VAT_PiusXI
recruit_character = VAT_Conciliar
recruit_character = VAT_Commission
recruit_character = VAT_Defence
recruit_character = VAT_Cardinals
recruit_character = VAT_eugenio_pacelli
recruit_character = VAT_bernardino_nogara
recruit_character = VAT_camillo_serafini
recruit_character = VAT_georg_aspremont
recruit_character = VAT_alois
recruit_character = VAT_ludwig
recruit_character = VAT_christian
recruit_character = VAT_Earthly_Satan
recruit_character = VAT_Infernal_Satan
recruit_character = VAT_Edenic_Christ
recruit_character = VAT_Elect_Christ

recruit_character = VAT_italo_balbo
recruit_character = VAT_inigo_campioni

#EDEN#
recruit_character = VAT_joan_of_arc
recruit_character = VAT_gabriel
recruit_character = VAT_michael
recruit_character = VAT_raphael
recruit_character = VAT_cupertino
recruit_character = VAT_brendan
recruit_character = VAT_joshua
recruit_character = VAT_constantine
recruit_character = VAT_david
recruit_character = VAT_samson
recruit_character = VAT_luther
recruit_character = VAT_palamas
recruit_character = VAT_george
recruit_character = VAT_marymag
recruit_character = VAT_paul

#DELIGHTS#
recruit_character = VAT_lilith
recruit_character = VAT_herod
recruit_character = VAT_mare
recruit_character = VAT_beasts
recruit_character = VAT_pan
recruit_character = VAT_commodus
recruit_character = VAT_teach
recruit_character = VAT_prophet
recruit_character = VAT_eve
recruit_character = VAT_delilah
recruit_character = VAT_jezebel
recruit_character = VAT_nimrod
recruit_character = VAT_messengers
recruit_character = VAT_rameses
recruit_character = VAT_goliath
recruit_character = VAT_nebuchadnezzar
recruit_character = VAT_rabutin
recruit_character = VAT_wilmot
recruit_character = VAT_carnot
recruit_character = VAT_aubigny

set_convoys = 0
set_war_support = 0.2
oob = VAT_1936

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1922.2.6"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 83
	democratic = 12
	fascism = 5
}

add_ideas = {
	lateran_treaty
	seeking_recognition
	archaic_institution
}

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality

	last_election = "1922.2.6"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
	}

	#focusses

	set_technology = {
		gw_artillery = 1
		interwar_antiair = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
	}
}